# Building-onto-an-NLP-system
Provided a Class structure with basic NLP in it, I added on 8 commands and tested the agent

The code for the vaccum environment, world model, etc were provided to me. However, the build up of the Intent methods and the Manual Processor were done by me.

Assignment Spec:
"(Warmup exercise) – Location information Right now you can ask Sucky about its internal state, and also ask for the location of Gold or Dirt. Add to this the ability to ask about the state of a particular square. For example you could ask Sucky "what is in (2,3)" and it would answer whether there is a Wall there, Gold there, Dirt there, or nothing there. Come up with suitable query patterns and/or training data, add a new intent, and modify your chosen command processor accordingly. 
Note: Sucky does not know how complete its reconnaissance report is, so if it gets a report of 0 gold (or 0 dirt or 0 walls), it won't know whether that's because there really is 0 gold, or it just wasn't told about gold in the recon report. That is fine. For this piece, Sucky can act as though it knows there is not dirt in (2,3) even if doesn't really know that.
Move dirt and gold Have Sucky move dirt or gold from one location to another. You might say "Sucky, move the dirt at (2,3) to (2,4)" or "Sucky, move some dirt to (3,7)" or "Sucky, move the the dirt at (2,3) somewhere" in which case Sucky chooses an empty square as a destination. The move should work for both dirt and gold. Assume that for these commands, Sucky is given a full recon report so it knows about all walls, dirts and golds. It is illegal to move something into a square where there is already something. It is both illegal and impossible to move something to a square where there is a wall.
Get all gold Right now you can ask Sucky to get you a particular piece of gold or get you any piece of gold, but as you know, Sucky is capable of so much more. "Sucky, get me all the gold" should do as it sounds: Sucky goes and gets gold (ideally 2 pieces at a time), goes back to (1,1) and unloads, and continues until there is no more gold.
Make Sucky reactive (again)! We will now go full circle – well almost full circle. Remember for Lab 1 we built reactive strategies for Sucky because it did not have complete information about the world, so it needed to explore in order to learn things. For this piece you should be able to tell Sucky "Suck some dirt." If Sucky is not aware of any dirt, it should start exploring until it finds some, sucks the dirt, then stops. You do not need to worry about battery consumption.
Make Sucky accept praise :-) You now have a conversational agent that mixes reactive and deliberative reasoning. You have built an AI – congratulate yourself – and congratulate Sucky too! When you tell Sucky "Good job" or "well done" it should respond with something appropriate. For example, I just told Alexa "Good job" and it said "Thanks, I'm glad I could help." You should be able to do at least that well"
